

We finally hit 1K revenue. I want to share anything I learned during the last 1 year 2 months,

Here is the Revenue screenshot  https://rb.gy/lcml3r

Here is the product link   https://ninjatools.ai/?via=reddit


In 2023 April, I moved to USA(For a lot of reasons, I have to leave the place that I was born,grow up and got some little success),then for the first 6 months,I did not know what I can do in USA and traveled nearly the whole USA. I traveled the CA,Nebraska, DMV area, NYC area, Boston Area, have basic understanding of what the USA look like and what I can do in this incredible country.


in 2023 October,I moved to SF from Boston. I drove 3300 miles, crossed the country from the east to west only with one belief in my mind,"Build something that really drives me and belongs entirely to me".


During this 14 months, a lot of things happened,tried many many projects,doubted myself,got depressed,then slowly figuring out some of the things. I will share anything I know here,hope you can got some benefit and make less mistake.


# Faith

Since I came to US as an immigrant and also my English is not very good, all the people  I came across told me I should go to school for the master degree or I should try to find a job. But I really want to do startups and really believe this AI era is the best time to build anything.But I am not 100% believe in myself,because I am always failing,even though I am making progress. Then I figured out you have to believe in deeply that you are born different. And you can build something cool. You are an entrepreneur. Along the way, many people told me to find a job or go to the master . Especially someone like me just immigrated to this country whose english is not good. Also it always looks appealing to be big company engineer and go for the PHD or master degree. I dont mean those above are wrong,but if you really want to be an entrepreneur, you have to endure earning not that much money as the FAAG engineers or always dream of starting something one day. That day is today and you have to learn along the way. 

Many people endure 40 years of poverty rather than being 4 years poor and doing something great.


# Building 

 - Idea

 Idea is really really important, there are some ideas are just dead-end ideas that never had been really succeeded.let us say like helping people figure out what to eat, where to eat, college marketplaces. They have their own reasons why many people first come up with and nobody really succeeded. Also for many of us, the idea should be just first make some money,not something that extremely great but has to raise millions of dollars. One of the idea that I wasted a lot of time is "zero interest credit card", that is the brilliant idea, many people who has Islamic and other beliefs dont use interest based credit card. I made the website and collected huge waitlist. The feedback from the people are great.And I also learned about how the financial system works in US and how to issue credit card all kind of things, but for that,I have to raise millions of dollars, but I am not that much capable of raising that much money at that time. I can see many this kind of cases, they all start with something huge,billion dollar idea,but some ideas you can build later in your life. If I start again, I will build some directory websites where I make it to some traffic and get some brand sponsorship or newsletter. Or just consumer facing SaaS product that I can make many many content around.(SaaS is hard,not for everyone)

 - Building

 UI,UX is extremely important. With the name of MVP,you can only build single feature product,but the UI/UX must look good. People do judge by its cover.People pay for the taste.for the landing page, you can use framer, webflow this kind of no code very beautiful template websites, for the actual app, you can use vercel templates.You have to polish every single point of the UI.

- Team

Engineering,marketing. Those two things are really really hard for one person to do well and very very few people are good at both.Engineering requires one to focus, lock in, marketing needs another mood. There's very famous Paul Graham post "Maker's Schedule, Manager's Schedule", those two schedule thing really really hard for one person to do well.
 
In the beginning, you can do alone, and most of the time,you have to. And most of the time you can do. But on the internet, indie-hacking, just build one person company, that is not a very great idea. For really making something great,you have to find the best people around you.You should not find the wrong person, but building a little team , having cofounder is should be on your list.All the indie-hacking people, most of them are not one person.


# Marketing

Marketing, in one word,just trying. You will never know in the very beginning, which channel,what works well for you.Usually, for the B2C apps, influencer marketing, short form videos, reddit/x posts help, for the B2B, cold emails, linkedin posts work well,but at the end, you have to try all the methods and figure out which one ROI is the best.



- Influencer marketing

This one is really great for us.

1. DO NOT DEPEND ON INFLUENCER MARKETING
​
Collaborate with one influencer and build a product for their audience(this needs networking and if you have this kind of relationship,is the best).In this case, you can have customers even before the launch, alleviating the biggest headache: marketing. You're Nike; find your Michael Jordan. If you cannot do this first step, here is the second note.
​
2. FIND THE RIGHT INFLUENCER
​
here is no need to find a super huge influencer, especially at the beginning. An audience of 1K-10K followers is often the most loyal and works best for us.
​
- Focus on the right demographic and relevant data: when evaluating an influencer, the average views can be the most accurate metric. Additionally, the audience from North America, especially the U.S., has the most purchasing power.
​
-You can negotiate the price. They might claim $200; be brave enough to ask for $20. It may sound funny, but it sometimes works.
​
This process can be very soul-sucking. You have to cold email thousands of influencers, receive replies from only ten, negotiate the price with two, and then one might ghost you. Ultimately, one will create content for you.
​
3. You can use some influencer database tools which is paid.

- Building in public

I think this is a very good way of marketing yourself and your product. You can share all your journey on twitter and record it as a vlog on instagram && youtube.

- Paid ads

I think you should not touch paid ads until you figure out who is your ideal customer and which kind of content works for your product.

